what's up everyone I'm Sylvia Perez I'm
the founder of AD conversion we teach
B2B marketers how to steal paid ads for
free with advertising courses taught by
the world's best practitioners in this
video I want to give you a very quick
tutorial on how to install the
metapixelatron
we're going to want to set up our pixel
as a data source here in Facebook ads so
just navigate in your Facebook ads
account go to the events manager section
you're going to find it here on the top
right or on the bottom they're always AB
testing different layouts so if your
screen looks different than mine just
look for events manager here in the menu
section once you're here what you're
going to want to do is you're going to
want to click on this plus button here
on the left and you're going to connect
a new data source so it's going to ask
you what type of data source you want to
connect so we want to create a webbased
data source so I'm going to click
connect here I'm I'm GNA name this data
set so I'm going to name it Facebook pix
example just for the sake of this video
but you can name it whatever you want
maybe your business name and then the
pixel so I'm going to create this once
it's created it's going to ask us to add
this to our website URL so go ahead and
grab your url so in my case it's at
conversion.com so I'm going to grab my
URL I'm going to come back here and I'm
going to drop it in and I'm going to
click check
so that's it and I'm going to click next
again now it's going to ask us how do we
want to connect to our website is it
going to be done via the API or the
metap pixel only for the sake of this
video we're not talking about API and
all flank versions so we'll just be
doing metap pixel only I'm going to
click next then now it's going to ask us
how do we want to install this Facebook
ads pixel so do we want to do it
manually or use a partner integration
for the sake of this demonstration we're
going to use install code manually and
then we're going to do it through Google
tag manager so what we have to do now is
we need to navigate to Google tag
manager and install this as a custom
HTML tag so I'm going to copy this code
and I'm going to go into my Google tag
manager account if you don't have one
just go to tag manager. google.com
create a free account and then install
the global snippet of Google tag manager
on your website so you can start to
deploy tags and you're going to just
click add new tag here we're going to
give this a name it's important to
always have proper naming conventions so
I'm going to call this Facebook pixel
and then my trigger is going to be all
pages for the tag configuration you just
click on this little search bar up here
and you can type custom HTML you can
also type Facebook there are if you go
to the like the community Gallery
there's pre-built Facebook templates but
it's not necessary we're just going to
click custom HTML we're going to drop in
our pixel code and then I'm going to
come here to triggers and I'm going to
set it up to do all pages and that's it
we have created our Facebook pixel tag
now we're going to save it once we've
saved it I'm going to going to come back
here and I'm going to click on continue
it's going to ask you if you want to
turn on automatic Advanced matching in
my opinion I would absolutely do this
it's really going to help you from an
attribution perspective and it's going
to really help your remarketing
campaigns I would turn it on it's going
to ask you to verify the customer
information you want to send through
custom audiences choose all the
applicable ones for me it's usually
first name and last name email and
sometimes phone number but you can
always come back and and edit these
details in the future so don't feel like
it's you're doomed by the choices you
make in this in this moment I'm going to
click continue here and then I'm just
going to go to pixel overview and now
I'm going to go back to Google tag
manager and let's finish setting up this
tag so you can see we've added this new
tag now let's go ahead and preview it
just to make sure that it's actually
working properly so I'm going to open up
my URL here and let's just double check
that it looks good and everything's
fired I'm going to come back to tag
assistant and I'm going to click on my
tag here and I'm going to look for my
pixel tag that I just created so it's
Facebook pixel and you can see it here
on the bottom right Facebook pixel all
pages and really what I want to look for
here is that I don't see duplications so
I can see I have Facebook pixel here and
then I have Facebook pixel here so have
two tags firing the Facebook pixel this
is the original tag that I installed way
back when I started advertising on
Facebook for this account but this is a
new pixel that I created just now so
that's something to look out for the
other thing too is you want to look out
for duplicate count B in terms of fires
so you can see it said is it fired one
time which is good I'm looking at one
page load here and it fired one time
which is what we want if it was one page
load and I saw that I fired two times
three times that's an issue and then we
should go back into our triggers and try
to debug and see what's going on if you
see your your tag here it says that it
fired properly and it fired with a count
of one then you're all good to go and
then all we would need to do is come
back to tag manager submit our changes
make sure to always add your bir version
name changes we can say here created
Facebook pixel tag and then I would
publish this and then now these changes
would be published to my website one
last tip I want to give you here on just
uaing the Facebook pixel and making sure
everything's okay is if you go and
install this Chrome extension called
metap pixel helper it can actually help
you see if the Facebook pixel is
installed on any active website that
you're looking at so I'm going to go and
refresh my page here and with the metap
pixel helper you can see it's saying
that the metapixelatron
is really helpful to not only see if the
pixel's spiring for other client like
clients of yours and maybe you not have
access to the Google tag manager account
yet you want to see if they got Facebook
running but in addition to that poor
tracking and measuring events so as I do
certain actions on my website if I've
set up conversion events I can see if
those events have fired here with the
metap pixa helper without having access
to your Google tag manager or the back
end of the website anywh who I hope this
video was helpful if you have any more
questions please feel free to drop them
in the comments down below and if you
want more content around tracking and
setting up the pixel be sure to check
out the playlist that this video is a
part of all around getting started with
B2B REM marketing and we've got this
master blueprint in the description box
down below where you can check out that
article I'll see you in the next one